Judith and Natalie Renown were first
released into the custody of the
international Committee of the Red Cross
the mother and daughter from suburban
Chicago were then handed over to the
Israeli Army from Gaza before meeting
with relatives at an Israeli military
base in a statement President Biden
expressed his Joy at their release and
said that his administration has been
working around the clock to free all the
US captives held a sentiment underlined
by the Secretary of State in this
particular instance uh I want to thank
the government of cutter for their very
important assistance
in a statement the military wing of
Hamas said we stress that we are working
with all mediators to implement the
movement's decision to close the
civilian file if appropriate security
conditions are available in an interview
with Al jazer a Hamas spokesman said it
was impossible to release more people
unless the Israeli bombardment of Gaza
stopped we are ready as I told you if we
are a terrorist oranization we will not
release any person we are ready to
release who are
civilians we are ready to release them
but we want to from
Israeli troops to stop their aggression
the two Americans were vacationing at a
kibutz a kilometer and a half from Gaza
on October the 7th Natalie contacted her
brother as Hamas attacked she sent a
text
saying hey I'm hearing gunshots and
explosions I've locked the doors um I've
I've kind of barricaded myself in here
with my stepmom uh we're going to try
and remain as quiet as possible there
are varying estimates of the number of
us captives still held by Hamas Anthony
blinkin would only say that 10 Americans
remained unaccounted for and that some
may be among the estimated 200 captives
held Shia bansy Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer